Add info on supported formats (#367)
Rebilly/lexi: README.md

    1. Click "Publish release".
1. The release is published to the Marketplace, and a [workflow automatically](./.github/workflows/update-tags-post-release.yml) updates the major and minor tags.

## Supported markup languages

> Lexi supports the following Markdown file formats: Markdown, Markdoc, and MDX.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lexi supports the following markup languages: Markdown, Markdoc, and MDX.
```

    1. Click "Publish release".
1. The release is published to the Marketplace, and a [workflow automatically](./.github/workflows/update-tags-post-release.yml) updates the major and minor tags.

## Supported file formats

> Lexi supports the following Markdown file formats: `.md`, `.markdown`, and `.mdx`. To configure the file formats, update the`glob` input in the workflow file. For more information, see [Example workflow](#example-workflow).

Reviewer: I think we need to split the markup language from the extension. We support the following markup languages in lexi: Markdown, Markdoc, MDX

Some of them could have overlapping file extensions (markdoc in `.md` files, for example).

The examples are great and useful though, maybe we can keep it just for "adding .mdx" example?

Author: Thanks @Weetbix! 🙏 
Updated in [d96c3e3](https://github.com/Rebilly/lexi/pull/367/commits/d96c3e345366c6987a33b67a8878845f1ced8658)
